Add documentation for Faiss byte vector (#8170)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/tutorials/semantic-search-byte-vectors.md

# Semantic search using byte-quantized vectors

> This tutorial illustrates how to build a semantic search using the [Cohere Embed model](https://docs.cohere.com/reference/embed) and byte-quantized vectors. For more information about using byte-quantized vectors, see [Byte vectors]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/knn-vector/#byte-vectors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows you how to build a semantic search using the [Cohere Embed model](https://docs.cohere.com/reference/embed) and byte-quantized vectors. For more information about using byte-quantized vectors, see [Byte vectors]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/knn-vector/#byte-vectors).
```
